In this video, we are going to see intellection
to sed command with rejects or regular expression.
So if you want to use regular expressions with your set command,
you should know what is it rejects and how to create your rejects, right?
So first I will go with the, what is Racket's?
Let me start that. Basically rejects is the shortcut for regular expression.
And if any expression uses a pattern,
then that expression is called rejects or regular expression.
Then what is pattern, right?
See if any expression uses a pattern,
then that expression we are calling as aggregates or on your expression,
then what is the pattern, right?
So you simply pattern is a string which represents more than one word.
So to explain this,
I'm going to open my terminal.
So let me open this.
So as of now guys, we know sed command with
your normal operations like suppose if I want to such a line which consists of,
let me take first my file.
So I want to print the, the lines which consists of, let's say, put.
I want to print the, the lines which are having,
put in the lines.
So I am getting only one line right.
Now.
What I'm going to do is I'm going to read something.
I'm going to write something because of that.
What I'm going to get up there
that now you are getting because of one simple searching word,
you're getting multiple lines.
So actually this is a string based on this string.
You are getting some lines previously because of this string,
you got only one line.
But now because of this string,
you're getting multiple lines.
The reason is this string is going to represent two words.
They are like, let me write it.
One is PUT and one more is p1.
So these four starting lend,
letter and an inlet and are starting character and an IND categories are fixed.
But the middle character may be you are maybe walk.
That's why it is going to create two such ing words, put and part.
That's why you are getting the lines which are having either put or pot.
Right? Now if you observe here,
you are writing one single string,
but it is going to represent two words.
Now this is a pattern and you are using this pattern in this,
that's why it is a regular expression pattern or simply a regex with your set command.
It's once again, I am telling that regular expression is nothing
but if any expression uses a pattern,
then that expression is called rejects.
Then what about pattern?
A pattern is a string which represents multiple words.
Now if you observe in this entire expression,
set expression, you are using some pattern.
This pattern is going to represent towards right.
That's why this expression is called regular expression with your set command.
So now we have to learn different ways to write a pattern.
Different ways to write a pattern such that it is going to represent multiple words.
Right?
Now without regular expressions, right?
Actually we have different operations with your set command.
You know, there are like viewing file
contains such a find and replace, insertion or deletion.
Now with the single word,
we did all these things already.
Now with the rejects.
If you want to do all these operations with
your set command by using regular expressions, right?
You how to know how to create a pattern.
That means this one.
How to create this one.
You have to know some rules to create this.
So we will learn all these rules while going forward with step-by-step, right?
So for timing, you had to know what is it rejects and what is
a pattern on your using regular expressions with sed command, right?
Okay, yes. Thank you for watching this video.